# A TypeScript aurelia-fetch-client generator for Swagger Codegen

This generator assumes you are using [Aurelia](http://aurelia.io/) and the [aurelia-fetch-client](http://aurelia.io/hub.html#/doc/article/aurelia/fetch-client/latest/http-services/2) to develop some pretty neat stuff. That being said, the TypeScript code generated by this generator is meant to be directly referenced by your application. It should already have your aurelia-fetch-client configured, and your polyfills in place.

## Building the aurelia-fetch-client generator

Building on Windows requires Java and Maven. They can be set up using scoop in PowerShell. It requires
PowerShell v3 as a minimum, so you may need to upgrade PowerShell if you have an older version of
Windows. To set up Java and Maven and build the Swagger Codegen related repositories:

1. Open PowerShell 
1. Make sure your execution policy is unrestricted: 
    * ``` set-executionpolicy unrestricted -s cu ```
1. Install [Scoop](http://scoop.sh/) and use it to install Open JDK and Maven
    * ``` iex (new-object net.webclient).downloadstring('https://get.scoop.sh') ```
    * ``` scoop install openjdk maven ```
1. Navigate to the directory you have your git repositories in. 
1. Clone Swagger Codegen: 
    * ``` git clone https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen.git ```
1. Navigate to the swagger-codegen directory and build/install it: 
    * ``` mvn clean package ```
    * ``` mvn install ```
1. Go back to your git directory and clone the typescript-aurelia-fetch-client-generator: 
    * ``` git clone https://github.com/jeremeevans/typescript-aurelia-fetch-client-generator.git  ```
1. Navigate to the typescript-aurelia-fetch-client-generator directory and build it: 
    * ``` mvn package ``` 

That should get everything on your box and built and ready to generate stuff.

## Using the aurelia-fetch-client generator

To generate a TypeScript Aurelia Fetch Client from your swagger definition, the most basic command is:

```
java -cp '../typescript-aurelia-fetch-client-generator/target/typescript-aurelia-fetch-client-swagger-codegen-1.0.0.jar;./modules/swagger-codegen-cli/target/swagger-codegen-cli.jar' io.swagger.codegen.Codegen -i http://path.to.swagger.doc/swagger/docs/v5 -l typescript-aurelia-fetch-client -o C:\output\path
```

You can create a .config file for the API you are generating. So create a config.json file with the following contents: 

``` 
{ 
  "packageName": "MyPackageName" 
}
```

Some of the configuration options are:

* packageName: Specify the name of your package.
* modelPropertyNaming: Property naming convention. The default is camelCase. The available options are:
    * camelCase
    * PascalCase
    * snake_case
    * original

To use the config file when generating your client, reference it using -c, as such:

```
java -cp '../typescript-aurelia-fetch-client-generator/target/typescript-aurelia-fetch-client-swagger-codegen-1.0.0.jar;./modules/swagger-codegen-cli/target/swagger-codegen-cli.jar' io.swagger.codegen.Codegen -i http://path.to.swagger.doc/swagger/docs/v5 -l typescript-aurelia-fetch-client -o C:\output\path -c c:\path\to\config.json
```

## If you're using Swashbuckle in C#

You can specify the naming of your client routes by using the SwaggerOperationAttribute:

```
[SwaggerOperation(OperationId = "Query")] 
```